

Senior Product Designer, Microsoft AI

Mountain View, CA · 2 weeks ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

About the job
Overview

At Microsoft AI, we are inventing an AI Companion for everyone – an AI designed with real personality and emotional intelligence that’s always in your corner. Defined by effortless communication, extraordinary capabilities, and a new level of connection and support, we want Copilot to define the next wave of technology. This is a rare opportunity to be a part of a team crafting something that challenges everything we know about software and consumer products.

We’re a small, friendly, fast-moving team, supporting one another to do the best work of our lives, always looking to break new ground with an unshakeable dedication to the user. We are proud of what we build, how we build it, and that our products define the AI era while earning the trust of our users. We run lean, prioritize quality, meaningful innovation and polish, and always root our decisions in research and evidence. We ship regularly, so your work will have real and immediate impact.

Starting January 26, 2026, MAI employees are expected to work from a designated Microsoft office at least four days a week if they live within 50 miles (U.S.) or 25 miles (non-U.S., country-specific) of that location. This expectation is subject to local law and may vary by jurisdiction.

Our Core Values

Quality. We only deliver category-defining products that delight with their ease of use, guaranteed reliability, and beautiful, coherent design.
Simplicity. We don’t overcomplicate. Less is more, always.
Safety & Security. The highest standards of security, safety and responsibility are non-negotiable across all our business areas.
Evaluation. We pay close attention to signals and aren’t afraid to change course when data and our experience tells us to. We are also careful with our metrics, focusing on delivering long-term sustainable value (rather than short-term KPIs).
Kindness. Kindness is at the heart of our org and how we conduct ourselves. We care for, and support and respect one another, beginning again and learning every day.

Our Design Principles

Create Magical Moments
Guide the Journey
Personality is Pivotal
Always be Earning Trust
Sweat the Details
Be in Service to People

The Role

We’re on the lookout for a talented and passionate craftsperson and prototyper to drive the core user experience of our AI companion, Copilot. This role will look across all of Copilot’s capabilities and skills to define the core user experience and interaction patterns that span across the product. We’re looking for someone with an abundance of positive energy, empathy, and kindness, in addition to being highly effective. The right candidate takes the initiative and enjoys building world-class consumer experiences and products in a fast-paced environment. This is an IC role with some opportunity for mentoring and coaching.

Responsibilities

Ship world-class AI applications that delight consumers with an emphasis on craft, quality, trust, and positive user and societal impact
Own a product area and be responsible for understanding user needs and behaviors, defining product requirements, managing end-to-end product development, launches and iterations.
Cross-functional communication and dependency management, scoping and scheduling, and seeing through implementation by collaborating with engineering through the finish line.
Find your own path to get things done despite roadblocks to get your work into the hands of users quickly and iteratively.
Set the bar for excellence and quality and hold the team accountable to that standard
Enjoy working in a fast-paced, design-driven, product development cycle.
Translate business goals into strategy, user experience and technical requirements in close collaboration with UX designers and AI model training teams.
Define goals and performance indicators, set up and oversee experiments, measure success with data and research.
Collaborate effectively and communicate clearly with cross-functional teams, including product managers, designers, and other engineers, to build exceptional consumer-grade applications.

Required Qualifications

Master's Degree in Industrial Design, Product Design, Human Computer Interaction, User Experience, Interaction Design, or related field AND 4+ years experience working in product or service design
OR Bachelor's Degree in Industrial Design, Product Design, Human Computer Interaction, User Experience, Interaction Design, or related field AND 5+ years experience working in product or service design
OR equivalent experience (e.g., demonstrated experience working in product or service design or using design thinking to solve problems).
Preferred Qualifications

A portfolio or work samples that demonstrates experience designing world class consumer products from vision through launch.
Proven track record of setting design vision for innovative products that require bold thinking and risk taking
Ability to break large bodies of work into a phased execution plan, and lead a cross-functional team from idea to polished implementation
Experience with diving into research and leveraging both qualitative and quantitative signals for design impact
Experience prompting LLMs, working with generative AI, or a demonstrated curiosity and desire to learn
Ability to own your work in a fast-paced. start-up like environment, manage multiple priorities, and adapt to ever-changing requirements and deadlines
Work samples that demonstrate a high bar for quality and craft in visual design and interaction design
Work samples that demonstrate prototyping ability
Ability to collaborate effectively with engineering to ensure details make it to the hands of the user
Experience that demonstrates proven ability to advocate for design thinking, influence design outcomes, discover problems and tackle them in fast-paced and ambiguous environments
Proven ability to collaborate and contribute to a positive, inclusive work environment, fostering knowledge sharing and growth within the team.

Product Design IC4 - The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $119,800 - $234,700 per year. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $158,400 - $258,000 per year.

Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here:

https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-corporate-pay

This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled.

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.