https://careers.activisionblizzard.com/job/R026708/Lead-UX-Designer

Job Title: Lead UX Designer
Requisition ID: R026708
Job Description:
Job Title: Lead UX Designer 
Reporting To: Senior Director of Product 
Department: Call of Duty: Mobile Product Team 
Location: Santa Monica, California 

Your Mission 

As Lead UX Designer your mission is to improve the experience of players in Call of Duty: Mobile. You will generate insights from player data, research, and competitor analysis, and partner closely with Product Managers to identify UX problems worth solving. You’ll propose experience concepts, flows, prototypes, and high level designs, and align on the direction with our development partner at Tencent, who will design and implement the detailed UX and UI. This is the first dedicated UX role on the Activision Call of Duty: Mobile team, so you’ll play a critical role in defining and shaping how we improve the UX in the game. You will report into the Senior Director of Product.

This role is based in our Santa Monica, California office and follows an onsite work schedule of four days per week. Work arrangements may evolve to meet business needs.  

What you bring to the table 

Lead UX ideation and direction for key systems and surfaces 

Translate player insights, data, and research into experience concepts, user flows, wireframes, and prototypes 

Partner with Product Managers to identify high impact UX opportunities  

Collaborate with UX, design, and production teams at Tencent to set the UX direction  

Evaluate how UX changes perform postlaunch and use learnings to guide iteration and future work 

Establish best practices, standards, and processes for UX within the CODM product team 

Minimum Requirements 

10+ years of experience in UX design, product design, or a closely related role 

Experience working with mobile first design 

A strong track record of driving meaningful improvements to player or user experience 

Deep empathy for players, and the ability to generate and use insights to understand player pain points and opportunities 

Strong communication and influence skills, able to work well with others  

Able to do meetings in the evening with people in China (typically no more than once or twice a week) 

Extra Points 
Experience working on a mobile free-to-play game 

Experience with rapid or AI assisted prototyping tools 

Experience playing Call of Duty on mobile, PC, or console, or playing other similar games 

Our World  
At Activision, we strive to create the most iconic brands in gaming and entertainment. We’re driven by our mission to deliver unrivaled gaming experiences for the world to enjoy, together. We are home to some of the most beloved entertainment franchises including Call of Duty®, Crash Bandicoot™, Tony Hawk’s™ Pro Skater™, and Guitar Hero®. As a leading worldwide developer, publisher and distributor of interactive entertainment and products, our “press start” is simple: delight hundreds of millions of players around the world with innovative, fun, thrilling, and engaging entertainment experiences. 

We’re not just looking back at our decades-long legacy; we’re forging ahead to keep advancing gameplay with some of the most popular titles and sophisticated technology in the world. We have bold ambitions to create the most inclusive company as we know our success comes from the passionate, creative, and diverse teams within our organization.  

We’re in the business of delivering fun and unforgettable entertainment for our player community to enjoy. And our future opportunities have never been greater — this could be your opportunity to level up.  

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status, among other characteristics.

Ready to Activate Your Future?

Rewards

We provide a suite of benefits that promote physical, emotional and financial well-being for ‘Every World’ - we’ve got our employees covered!  Subject to eligibility requirements, the Company offers comprehensive benefits including:

Medical, dental, vision, health savings account or health reimbursement account, healthcare spending accounts, dependent care spending accounts, life and AD&D insurance, disability insurance;
401(k) with Company match, tuition reimbursement, charitable donation matching;
Paid holidays and vacation, paid sick time, floating holidays, compassion and bereavement leaves, parental leave;
Mental health & wellbeing programs, fitness programs, free and discounted games, and a variety of other voluntary benefit programs like supplemental life & disability, legal service, ID protection, rental insurance, and others;
If the Company requires that you move geographic locations for the job, then you may also be eligible for relocation assistance.
Eligibility to participate in these benefits may vary for part time and temporary full-time employees and interns with the Company.  You can learn more by visiting https://www.benefitsforeveryworld.com/.

In the U.S., the standard base pay range for this role is $121,500.00 - $224,880.00 Annual. These values reflect the expected base pay range of new hires across all U.S. locations. Ultimately, your specific range and offer will be based on several factors, including relevant experience, performance, and work location. Your Talent Professional can share this role’s range details for your local geography during the hiring process. In addition to a competitive base pay, employees in this role may be eligible for incentive compensation. Incentive compensation is not guaranteed. While we strive to provide competitive offers to successful candidates, new hire compensation is negotiable.