https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4400779866/

About the job
As a Lead / Senior UX Designer contracting with Gamebreaking Studios, you will use your skills to own complex UX problems and create high-quality user experiences.



Gamebreaking Studios is looking for someone with considerable experience designing user experiences for games. You will be the first UX Designer at Gamebreaking and hopefully the first of many! This is a great opportunity for someone excited about the prospect of owning this area. We expect you to be comfortable taking ownership of your work and navigating a large organization without oversight.



In this role, you will begin on our largest and longest-running co-development team, embedded with a large, AAA studio. You will design the UX in an ongoing project alongside UX designers from our client, push for best practices and expand upon existing UX patterns where necessary. You would then push the design through wireframes and prototyping into helping the team create scalable UI. Designers on small teams like ours are valued not only for their ability to design for the player but also for their flexibility and enthusiasm to contribute to other disciplines and give feedback.



Gamebreaking Studios is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We celebrate diversity, and are committed to maintaining a safe and inclusive environment for our team.



Desired Skills & Qualifications

A passion for games! There is no need to be a hardcore gamer, but we like to work with folks who have an interest in the medium we work in.
7+ Years professional experience, including many years practicing your craft in the games industry
Demonstrates exceptional understanding of high-quality interactive entertainment UI needs
Strong Collaboration abilities. Having experience working with others in a constructive way is key. That means being able to give and receive feedback with empathy and confidence.
Leadership ability. The ability to coach and direct other designers.
Experience with Unreal Engine, specifically with UMG and material-based motion design
Deep understanding of diegetic UI and 3D layouts in user experiences.
Experience in visual development and prototyping software (Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator; Balsamiq; Axure RP; Figma; Mural; etc.)
Motion graphics and animation proficiency is a plus


Your Responsibilities

Design complex wireframes for features quickly and effectively
Work with leadership and production to iterate and approve UX design as the project progresses
Establish standards for speed and quality.
Research and suggest tools or methods that may be of benefit to the team
Keep documentation outlining standards and methodology
Contribute meaningfully to growing & improving the positive culture at Gamebreaking.


Our Responsibilities To You

Encourage healthy working hours, PTO, and a respect for your time
Foster an environment of equal opportunity, treatment, and inclusion
Create a fun and playful environment that remains professional and respectful
Grow our culture positively and meaningfully through a high level of transparency and thoughtful conversation
Provide opportunities for you to learn and grow


Duration and Employment Status

This is a contract position, but it is our desire to hire a full-time employee into this role, and build out this discipline. That decision will be contingent on our business needs becoming long-term, including either ongoing renewal with our existing client or other opportunities arising, as well as your performance in the role. The initial contract runs until Aug. 21st, 2026. It may be extended or converted at that time based on the above criteria. You will be expected to work 40 hour weeks, without the expectation of overtime.



Compensation



CANADA

Senior UX Designer: CAD $102,500 - $137,500 / year

Lead UX Designer: CAD $115,000 - $150,000 / year



In Canada, this is a fixed-term contract with benefits (Health, Dental, Vision) included.



LATIN AMERICA

For Latin American countries, compensation will be determined on a case-by-case basis based on regional market and skill level.



About Gamebreaking

Gamebreaking Studios is a young, growing, LA-based company founded by technology leaders from around games, entertainment, and software. We found early success providing work-for-hire to other studios and now build everything from end-to-end games to online game platforms to individual feature integrations. We also develop our own games and IP alongside other projects.

Our mission: We aspire to make games and media so fun that it improves people's relationships and behaviors. That is to say, while we are not a 'serious games' company, we believe that making fun-first games enables us to have a positive impact. We believe deeply in our core values and hope to find people who share them:

Take Responsibility
Raise The Tide, Not One Boat
Ambitious Goals, Disciplined Execution
Design For People, Own Your Craft
We Play Together


Living and working outside the US at Gamebreaking

This position is open to candidates living and working throughout Canada and Latin America. Applicants must be fluent in English, willing to work according to US time zones (must be available 8am - 3pm Pacific Time), and have a strong, stable internet connection conducive to remote work and video calls.
