https://www.cdprojektred.com/en/jobs/21789-lead-ux-designer

Lead UX Designer
Boston, MA, United States

Full-time

Project: Sirius

Share offer on:

Posted by:
Alex Gombos
Company Description
To create revolutionary, story-driven RPGs which go straight to the hearts of gamers — this is our mission. Want to dive deeper into our company’s culture? Explore our social media and check out our YouTube channel and Beyond the Game Blog where we share behind-the-scenes insights and stories direct from our team members!

Job Description
CD PROJEKT RED is looking for a Lead UX Designer to define the overall user experience — visual, interactive, and workflow design — of Project Sirius, a multiplayer game set in The Witcher universe.

This role’s primary focus is on ensuring an inclusive, intuitive, immersive, rewarding, and memorable experience. To achieve this requires working in a truly cross-departmental environment and constantly researching, observing, and iterating on the user’s experience in UI navigation, game flow, and moment-to-moment interactive clarity. The person in this role will report to the Design Director.

(This position requires working in our Boston Studio. Hybrid working mode available)

Daily Responsibilities:

Collaborate closely with the Lead UI Artist to develop UI screens and layouts that support cohesive and accessible user experiences.
Lead the UX design of layouts and interaction guidelines for user interfaces, game menus, and overall player journeys.
Build, support, and guide a team of UX designers while establishing inclusive best practices and methodologies.
Design and prototype layouts, navigation structures, and usability systems.
Define goals for, and participate in, playtests to refine the UX based on player feedback and observed behaviors.
Work closely with UX Researchers to translate user research, marketing insights, and community feedback into thoughtful, player-centered design.
Produce and maintain design documentation and collaborate with Production to ensure implementation aligns with timelines and resources.
Communicate openly with teammates to gather feedback and continuously refine your work.
Qualifications
Approximately 5+ years of experience in UX Design, including some leadership responsibilities.
Shipped at least one AAA title.
Deep knowledge of current game titles and industry best practices to inspire and communicate original ideas.
Comfortable working both independently and collaboratively to deliver meaningful outcomes.
Proficiency with industry-standard prototyping tools (e.g. Figma, Sketch, Creative Cloud) and collaboration tools (e.g. Miro).
Strong understanding of UI/UX best practices and information architecture.
Interest in implementing and refining UX features in Unreal Engine.
Clear and thoughtful communication skills, in both verbal and written formats.
Open to giving and receiving feedback that strengthens both the project and the team.
Demonstrates curiosity, kindness, and a collaborative, problem-solving mindset.
Nice to Haves

Experience as a UX Designer on a multiplayer game.
Experience creating prototypes and wireframes in Unreal Engine.
Candidates should include a portfolio in their application. 

Additional Information
The application window for this position will close by 06/30/2026.

This job requires working in Boston, US.
Working mode: in-office in a hybrid or full-time capacity. 

Health & Well-Being

Company-paid medical healthcare (dental, vision, and mental).
Free mental health support, including access to counseling, psychiatric care, and a variety of well-being webinars.
Paid leave - 26 days of vacation, 10 sick days, & 12 calendar holidays per year.
401K with employer matching.
Lifestyle Spending Account (LSA) – $100 per month to use towards fitness, wellness, internet, home office equipment, learning, streaming services, and more.
Menstrual leave — employees who menstruate can take one extra day off when experiencing period pain.
RED Parents Network — support for working parents, including childcare benefits, and family-friendly events.
Perks & Professional Growth

Flexible working hours.
Trainings, lectures, and courses — internal workshops, knowledge-sharing initiatives, online tutorials, and e-learning classes are all available.
A welcome pack filled with goodies — to help you feel right at home once you join the team.
Life in the Office

Dog-friendly office — bring your pooch with you and look after them while working! There’s always a furry friend or two to meet.
Truly international working environment — a chance to meet and work with a diverse selection of people from all around the world.
No dress-code — we like to keep it casual.
This position is a new role.

Estimated pay range for this position: $149 500 - $205 600 USD annually
This role may be eligible for a long term incentive program (option to purchase CDPR stock after the vesting period). Final offers are dependent on job-related factors like experience and qualifications.

At CD PROJEKT RED compensation for our roles in North America are determined based on competitive market data, geographic location, and individual factors tied to business needs. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. Final offers are dependent on job-related factors like experience, qualifications, and location.