https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4388575396
Reposted 1 week ago

Eleventh Hour Games is a fast growing studio, focused on a passion for top-down action RPGs. We value open communication, close-knit teamwork, and opportunity for ownership and growth! Our mission is to gather and empower the next generation of creators to forge extraordinary games. Extraordinary games build passionate communities, which create passionate people. Passionate people turn into next year's creators. With our breakout title Last Epoch, we are moving fast into the next round of adventure!

The Opportunity

As a Senior UX Designer at Eleventh Hour Games, you will own the structure, flow, and usability of player-facing experiences across gameplay systems, menus, and commerce. This is a product-minded UX role focused on scalable, intuitive interaction design, not UI art or engineering. You’ll translate requirements into clear wireframes, flows, handoff documentation, versatile Figma components and prototypes that give artists and engineers a strong foundation to build from.

You should be comfortable designing for both gamepad and mouse/keyboard with awareness of engine and console constraints, complex systems, and production realities. The ideal candidate brings a AAA-level UX mindset, strong Figma skills, and the ability to turn high level ideation and direction into implementation-ready experiences that elevate the final product.

Responsibilities

Own the UX design of player-facing features from requirements through wireframes, flows, and prototype validation
Build wireframes and interactive Figma prototypes for game systems, menus, and in-game shop experiences
Design and propose consistent, unified UX for gamepad and mouse/keyboard
Create scalable information architecture frameworks engineers can implement and artists can polish
Own and champion the use and maintenance of the Figma component library (components, variables, auto layout patterns)
Partner with the design, UI art, engineering, QA and production teams to set the definition of done and improve existing features
Iterate based on feedback, playtests, implementation realities, and console cert learnings

Qualifications

5+ years designing UX on shipped games (AAA/high-complexity preferred)
Strong portfolio showing ownership of shipped UX (flows, prototypes, systems)
Expert Figma user (components, variables, auto layout, prototyping)
Strong knowledge of the differences between best practices for gamepad vs mouse/keyboard UX for games
Familiar with console certification and its UX implications and limitations
Experience with complex RPG gameplay systems UI and in-game shop UX
Strong fundamentals in layout, visual hierarchy, spacing, and usability
Comfortable owning decisions, improving design requirements, and collaborating cross-functionally
Ability to work independently and at a high quality bar in a fast-paced environment

Preferrences

ARPG/RPG or systems-heavy game experience
Experience designing localization-aware interfaces
Commerce/monetization UX experience
Live product experience
Experience iterating in-engine with engineers

Reasonable Accommodation

KRAFTON Americas is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, the Company will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to apply for an open position, perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact the HR Talent team at KRAFTON Americas, to begin the interactive process.

EEOC statement

KRAFTON Americas provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type.

Due to recent scams, our recruiters will only reach out to you via @eleventhhour.games, @sds.com, @krafton.com, @unknownworlds.com or @pubg.com. If you received an email and are unsure you can always email recruiting_ka@krafton.com.


