https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4363843337
Reposted 1 day ago 

WE ARE GAME MAKERS

Who We Are

We are a diverse team of developers driven by a passion for our art, united by our core values and inspired by a culture of inclusivity to build amazing games that thrill players everywhere. We pursue growth and innovation in an environment of safety and trust. Our culture is built on the belief that the more varied voices in our collective will strengthen our team and our games. We are looking for our next teammate who will raise our bar and make us better.

Who You Are

We’re looking for a Senior UX Designer with strong design judgment, technical fluency, and a player-first mindset. You design intuitive, high-quality user experiences for interactive entertainment and are comfortable owning complex UX problems from concept through in-engine implementation.

Responsibilities

Partners with Leads and Directors to rapidly design complex wireframes for features.
Has a deep understanding of diegetic UI and 3D layouts in user experiences.
Iterates on user-flows and interaction design to level-up the overall user experience.
Stewards UX design efforts through leadership approvals, iteration, and cross-functional implementation with occasional assistance from Production & Leadership.
Uses graphic design principals in order to make a UI that is visually intuitive (Good hierarchy, Contrast).
Fine tunes and ensures usability quality in the build. Modifies Blueprints and Game Data to test designs when needed.
Routinely identify, implement, and document standard methodologies and workflows to improve team effectiveness.
Proactively learn and research new tools to elevate the quality of UI deliverables and improve workflow within the UI team.
Build documentation to communicate UX vision, including items like competitive analyses, persona designs, storyboards, user journeys, wireframes, flow diagrams and interactive prototypes.
Constantly seeks to grow self, and open to growing and mentoring others.


Required Qualifications

Demonstrates exceptional understanding of high-quality interactive entertainment UI needs
Exceptionally organized
Immense communication and writing skills
Experience in visual development and prototyping software (Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator; Balsamiq; Axure RP; Figma; Mural; etc.)
Experience working in game engines (e.g., Unreal Engine, Unity, and other proprietary or commercial engines), design toolsets, visual scripting, and production pipelines
Motion graphics and animation proficiency is a plus


The pay range for this position in California at the start of employment is expected to be between $100,200 and $148,320 per Year. However, base pay offered is based on market location, and may vary further depending on individualized factors for job candidates, such as job-related knowledge, skills, experience, and other objective business considerations. Subject to those same considerations, the total compensation package for employees in regular roles may also include other elements, including a bonus and/or equity awards, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, provided that temporary or intern roles will not be eligible for many of these payments or benefits. Details of participation in compensation and benefit plans (if applicable) will be provided if an employee receives an offer of employment. If hired, employee will be in an ~at-will position~ and the company reserves the right to modify base salary (as well as any other discretionary payment or compensation or benefit program) at any time, including for reasons related to individual performance, company or individual department/team performance, and market factors.

Please know that 31st Union and 2K never uses instant messaging apps to contact prospective employees or to conduct interviews. If you believe you have been a victim of such a scam, you may fill out a complaint form at https://complaint.ic3.gov/ and https://reportfraud.ftc.gov/ detailing as much as possible. We are taking these matters very seriously and apologize for any inconvenience.

Join our mission: Bring fun, inspiration and awe to our lives and to our community:https://thirtyfirstunion.com/values

31st Union prides itself on the diversity of its team members, partners, and communities. For this reason, we remain committed to providing equal employment opportunity in all aspects of the employment relationship, from recruitment and hiring through compensation, benefits, discipline and termination. This means that employment at 31st Union depends on your substantive ability, objective qualifications and work ethic – not on your age, race (including traits historically associated with race, including, but not limited to, hair texture and protective hairstyles), height, weight, religion, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender (including gender identity and expression), alienage or citizenship status, transgender, military or veteran status, physical or mental disability (actual or perceived), medical condition, AIDS/HIV, denial of family and medical care leave, genetic information, predisposition or carrier status, pregnancy status, childbirth, breastfeeding (or related medical conditions), marital status or registered domestic partner status, political activity or affiliation, status as a victim of domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking, arrest record, or taking or requesting statutorily protected leaves, or any other classification protected by federal, state, or local laws.

As an equal opportunity employer, we are also committed to ensuring that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation(s) to participate in the job application and/or interview process, to perform their essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us if you need to request a reasonable accommodation.


