https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4390797681

About Us

Twitch is the world’s biggest live streaming service, with global communities built around gaming, entertainment, music, sports, cooking, and more. It is where thousands of communities come together for whatever, every day.

We’re about community, inside and out. You’ll find coworkers who are eager to team up, collaborate, and smash (or elegantly solve) problems together. We’re on a quest to empower live communities, so if this sounds good to you, see what we’re up to on LinkedIn and X, and discover the projects we’re solving on our Blog. Be sure to explore our Interviewing Guide to learn how to ace our interview process.

About The Team

The Twitch UX Community team is responsible for streamer creation and viewer engagement experiences across our product ecosystem, building and maintaining a cross-platform live streaming service that supports the growth and development of streamer based communities. A Senior UX Designer on the Community Team is expected to lead design work at the program level, work with senior XFN partners, represent work to executive leadership, guide and mentor junior designers and will report directly to the Community Director of Design.

About The Role

Designers at Twitch are involved in development from project conception all the way through execution and iteration. You will have the opportunity to do hands-on research and collaborate closely with engineers. If you are a champion for designing for humans and create playful and caring software for your customers, you will flourish on this team.

You can work from Twitch’s headquarters in San Francisco, CA; or from one of our hub locations in Seattle, WA; Irvine, CA; or New York City, NY.

You Will:


Collaborate with a cross functional development team of product managers, engineers, and designers
Learn from streamers and viewers about the ways they use our services and their desires to accomplish more
Think creatively about how to solve problems that will sustain streamers’ communities
Give back to the design community at Twitch by using and improving existing patterns and approaches
Combine qualitative and quantitative information to develop hypotheses about customer motivations and use that to improve your designs
Present your work to others by participating in design reviews and feedback sessions
Mentor and grow junior designers and help instill best practices with our team


You Have:


5+ years of practical experience in UX design with an emphasis on content discovery and/or content engagement experiences. 
Demonstrated interaction design and visual craft skills including experience with prototyping mobile experiences
Demonstrated skills collaborating closely with other designers, researchers, product managers and engineers
Demonstrated ability to impact product strategy and roadmaps
An aesthetic sense and the ability to make confident decisions
Demonstrated empathy for the people using your software or products
Expertise with Figma


Bonus Points


Experience with AI workflows
Experience as a content creator or with UGC platforms
Experience executing complex research plans and talking to real customers
In-depth knowledge of design systems
B.S. (or M.S./MFA) in Design, Interaction/UX Design or HCI


Perks


Medical, Dental, Vision & Disability Insurance
401(k)
Maternity & Parental Leave
Flexible PTO
Amazon Employee Discount


Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. 

Job ID: TW9148

The base salary range for this position is listed below. Your Amazon package will include sign-on payments and restricted stock units (RSUs). Final compensation will be determined based on factors including experience, qualifications, and location. Amazon also offers comprehensive benefits including health insurance (medical, dental, vision, prescription, Basic Life & AD&D insurance and option for Supplemental life plans, EAP, Mental Health Support, Medical Advice Line, Flexible Spending Accounts, Adoption and Surrogacy Reimbursement coverage), 401(k) matching, paid time off, and parental leave. Learn more about our benefits at https://amazon.jobs/en/benefits.

US, WA, Seattle - Annually

$137,800—$186,400 USD

US, CA, San Francisco - Annually

$156,400—$211,600 USD

US, NY, New York - Annually

$155,400—$210,300 USD

US, CA, Los Angeles - Annually

$137,800—$186,400 USD

US, CA, Irvine - Annually

$137,800—$186,400 USD

Twitch is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status.

Twitch values your privacy. Please consult our Candidate Privacy Notice, for information about how we collect, use, and disclose personal information of our candidates.
