https://www.riotgames.com/en/work-with-us/job/7760337/user-experience-designer-iii-unpublished-r-d-product-los-angeles-usa

User Experience Designer III - Unpublished R&D Product
Los Angeles, USA
Job Id: REQ-0009907

As a User Experience Designer, you will design, tweak, and optimize the player experience. Your analytical skills, player insight, and creativity aid in crafting in- and out-of-game experiences that engage and surprise players. You will collaborate with interdisciplinary teams and work with every tool at hand to innovate and iterate player-focused designs that'll delight millions around the world.

As a Senior User Experience Designer on an unpublished R&D product, you will be responsible for delivering design work in a high-scope, complex, and often ambiguous product area. Your work will generally encompass multiple features and sometimes span across teams. You will apply design thinking and take a broad approach to ensure experiential continuity across platforms and touch points. You’ll work from concept through development and collaborate with other designers to continue to improve the player experience.

Responsibilities:
Support high-level design goals by developing intuitive and clear UX flows, primarily for our mechanics and around the game features
Build wireframes, interactive prototypes, and presentations as needed for proof of concept and implementation.
Communicate ideas to design, engineering, and art and collaborate across teams to help drive player-experience-first design.
Be prepared to help implement prototypes (with engineering and UI support) to show proof of concept.
Articulate design decisions and communicate your data-informed vision,  design rationale and solutions to team members. 
Deliver appropriate level of design artifacts for the team (e.g., strategy articulation and alignment frameworks, discovery/research results, journey maps, flows, wireframes, mockups and/or prototypes) 
Work with project leadership to establish best-practices and quality standards, and champion user-centered design methodologies
Required Qualifications:
5+ years experience designing for games, digital experiences, products, or platforms as a User Experience Designer, Information Architect, Interaction Designer, or similar.
An inspiring professional portfolio with examples of your past work.
Professional experience with Figma (preferred), Adobe Creative Suite, Sketch and other industry design and prototyping tools 
Desired Qualifications:
A minimum of a BA/BS degree in Human-Computer Interaction, Interaction/ Interface Design, Communication Design, Graphic Design, or equivalent experience.
Broad or secondary UX skills outside your core specialty: interaction design, content strategy, user research, information architecture, prototyping, visual design, UI animation etc.
Expertise designing UI to work across multiple devices and form factors.
Deep experience designing for mobile games.
A passion for (or an interest in) strategy games.
For this role, you'll find success through craft expertise and a collaborative spirit that prioritizes the delight of players. We will look at your past experience, but for this role, we also look for dedicated people with a personal relationship with games. If you embody player empathy and care about players' experiences, this is the role for you!

Our Perks:
Riot focuses on work/life balance, shown by our open paid time off policy and other perks such as flexible work schedules. We offer medical, dental, and life insurance, parental leave for you, your spouse/domestic partner, and children, and a 401k with company match. Check out our benefits pages for more information.

At Riot Games, we put players first. That mission drives every decision in our quest to create games and experiences that make it better to be a player. Whether you’re working directly on a new player-facing experience or you’re supporting the company as a whole, everyone at Riot is part of our mission. And just like in our games, we’re better when we work together. Our goal is to create collaborative teams where you are empowered to bring your unique perspective everyday. If that sounds like the kind of place you want to work, we’re looking forward to your application.

 

It’s our policy to provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and members of Riot Games, Inc. Riot Games makes reasonable accommodations for handicapped and disabled Rioters and does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, handicap, veteran status, marital status, criminal history, or any other category protected by applicable federal and state law. We consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law, including the California Fair Chance Act, the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, and the Washington Fair Chance Act.

Per the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance, the following core duties may create a basis for disqualifying candidates with relevant criminal histories:

Safeguarding confidential and sensitive Company data
Communication with others, including Rioters and third parties such as vendors, and/or players, including minors
Accessing Company assets, secure digital systems, and networks
Ensuring a safe interactive environment for players and other Rioters
These duties are directly related to essential operations, safety, trust, and compliance obligations within our organization. Please note that job duties may evolve based on business needs and additional responsibilities may be assigned as necessary to maintain operational efficiency and security. 

(Los Angeles Only) Base salary range between $185,200.00 - $258,000.00 USD + incentive compensation + equity + 401K with company match + medical, dental, vision, and life insurance + short and long-term disability + open PTO.